Born of cold and winter air and mountain rain combining. This icy force both foul and fair has a frozen heart worth mining.
So cut through the heart, cold and clear. Strike for love and strike for fear. See the beauty, sharp and sheer. Split the ice apart and break the frozen heart.
Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go! Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go!
Beautiful! Powerful! Dangerous! Cold!
Ice has a magic, can't be controlled. Stronger than one, stronger than ten, Stronger than a hundred men! Hyup!
Born of cold and winter air and mountain rain combining. This icy force both foul and fair has a frozen heart worth mining.
So cut through the heart, cold and clear. Strike for love and strike for fear. See the beauty, sharp and sheer. Split the ice apart and break the frozen heart.
Elsa? (Knocking: Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock). Do you wanna build a snowman? Come on lets go and play. I never see you anymore. Come out the door, It's like you've gone away-We used to be best buddies, and now we're not. I wish you would tell me why!-Do you wanna build a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman.
Go away, Anna. Okay, bye...
(Knocking) Do you wanna build a snowman? Or ride our bikes around the halls? I think some company is overdue, I've started talking to the pictures on the walls-(Hang in there, Joan!). It gets a little lonely All these empty rooms, Just watching the hours tick by-(Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock)
(Knocking) Elsa? Please, I know you're in there, People are asking where you've been. They say "have courage", and I'm trying to. I'm right out here for you, just let me in. We only have each other, It's just you and me. What are we gonna do? Do you wanna build a Snowman?
The window is open, so's that door, I didn't know they did that anymore. Who knew we owned eight thousand salad plates? For years I've roamed these empty halls, why have a ballroom with no balls? Finally they're opening up the gates.
There'll be actual real live people, It'll be totally strange, but wow, am I so ready for this change. 
'Cause for the first time in forever There'll be music, there'll be light. For the first time in forever I'll be dancing through the night.
Don't know if I'm elated or gassy, but I'm somewhere in that zone. Cause for the first time in forever I won't be alone.
I can't wait to meet everyone! (gasp) What if I meet... the one?
Tonight imagine me gown and all, fetchingly draped against the wall. The picture of sophisticated grace. Ooh! I suddenly see him standing there, a beautiful stranger, tall and fair. I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face. 
But then we laugh and talk all evening, Which is totally bizarre. Nothing like the life I've lead so far!
For the first time in forever there'll be magic, there'll be fun. For the first time in forever I could be noticed by someone.
And I know it is totally crazy to dream I'd find romance. But for the first time in forever at least I've got a chance.
Don't let them in, don't let them see. Be the good girl you always have to be. Conceal, don't feel, put on a show. Make one wrong move and everyone will know.
But it's only for today. It's only for today. It's agony to wait. It's agony to wait
Tell the guards to open up... the gate. The gate
For the first time in forever. Don't let them in, don't let them see. I'm getting what I'm dreaming of. Be the good girl you always have to be. A chance to change my lonely world. Conceal
A chance to find true love. Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know.
I know it all ends tomorrow, so it has to be today. 'Cause for the first time in forever. For the first time in forever. Nothing's in my way!
Okay, can I just, say something crazy? I love crazy!
All my life has been a series of doors in my face and then suddenly I bump into you
I was thinking the same thing! ‘Cause like I've been searching my whole life to find my own place, and maybe it's the party talking or the chocolate fondue
But with you. But with you. I found my place. I see your face.
And it's nothing like I've ever known before. Love is an open door. Love is an open door. Love is an open door
With you. With you. With you. With you. Love is an open door.
I mean it's crazy. What? We finish each other's— Sandwiches! That's what I was gonna say! I've never met someone
Who thinks so much like me. Jinx! Jinx again! Our mental synchronization can have but one explanation
You And I Were Just Meant to be.
Say goodbye To the pain of the past, we don't have to feel it any more. Love is an open door. Love is an open door. Life can be so much more.
With you. With you. With you. With you. Love is an open door.
Can I say something crazy? Will you marry me? Can I say something even crazier? Yes!
The snow glows white on the mountain tonight, Not a footprint to be seen. A kingdom of isolation, And it looks like I'm the queen.
The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside. Couldn't keep it in, heaven knows I tried!
Don't let them in, don't let them see. Be the good girl you always have to be. Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know. Well, now they know!
Let it go, let it go. Can't hold it back anymore. Let it go, let it go Turn away and slam the door!
I don't care. What they're going to say. Let the storm rage on, The cold never bothered me anyway!
It's funny how some distance, Makes everything seem small. And the fears that once controlled me, Can't get to me at all!
It's time to see what I can do. To test the limits and break through. No right, no wrong, no rules for me. I'm free!
Let it go, let it go I am one with the wind and sky. Let it go, let it go. You'll never see me cry!
Here I stand. And here I'll stay. Let the storm rage on!
My power flurries through the air into the ground. My soul is spiraling
in frozen fractals all around. And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast. I'm never going back, The past is in the past!
Let it go, let it go. And I'll rise like the break of dawn. Let it go, let it go. That perfect girl is gone!
Here I stand. In the light of day. Let the storm rage on, The cold never bothered me anyway!
Reindeer(s) are better than people. Sven, don't you think that's true?
Yeah, people will beat you and curse you and cheat you. Every one of them's bad except you
Oh, thanks buddy. But people smell better than reindeer(s). Sven, don't you think that I'm right?
That's once again true, for all except you
You got me, let's call it a night. Good night
Don't let the frostbite bite
Really? I’m guessing you don’t have much experience with heat.
Nope! But sometimes I like to close my eyes, and imagine what it’ll be like when summer does come.
Bees'll buzz, kids'll blow dandelion fuzz and I’ll be doing whatever snow does in summer. A drink in my hand, my snow up against the burning sand, Prob'ly getting gorgeously tanned in summer.
I’ll finally see a summer breeze, blow away a winter storm. And find out what happens to solid water when it gets warm! And I can’t wait to see, what my buddies all think of me. Just imagine how much cooler I’ll be in summer.
Dah dah, da doo, uh bah bah bah bah bah boo
The hot and the cold are both so intense, put 'em together it just makes sense!
Rrr Raht da daht dah dah dah dah dah dah dah dah doo
Winter’s a good time to stay in and cuddle, But put me in summer and I’ll be a — happy snowman!
When life gets rough, I like to hold on to my dream, of relaxing in the summer sun, just lettin’ off steam.
Oh the sky would be blue, and you guys will be there too. When I finally do what frozen things do in summer.
I’m gonna tell him. Don’t you dare! In summer!
You don't have to protect me I'm not afraid. Please don't shut me out again, please don't slam the door. You don't have to keep your distance anymore
Cause for the first time in forever, I finally understand. For the first time in forever, we can fix this hand in hand.
We can head down this mountain together! You don't have to live in fear. Cause for the first time in forever, I will be right here
Anna... Please go back home, your life awaits. Go enjoy the sun and open up the gates
Yeah, but - I know... You mean well, but leave me be. Yes, I'm alone, but I'm alone and free! Just stay away and you'll be safe from me
Actually we're not! What do you mean you're not? I get the feeling you don't know! What do I not know?
Arendelle's in deep, deep, deep, deep snow. What?!
You've kind of set off an eternal winter... everywhere. Everywhere?
It's okay, you can just unfreeze it. No, I can't, I - I don't know how! Sure you can! I know you can!
Cause for the first time in forever, Oh I'm such a fool, I can't be free! You don't have to be afraid. No escape from the storm inside of me!
We can work this out together. I can't control the curse! We'll reverse the storm you've made. Anna, please, you'll only make it worse!
Don't panic. There's so much fear! We'll make the sun shine brighter. You're not safe here!
We can face this thing together. No! We can end this winter weather. 
Ahhhhh... And everything will be... I CAN'T!
Is it the clumpy way he walks or the grumpy way he talks? Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped weirdness of his feet? And though we know he washes well-he always ends up sort of smelly, but you’ll never meet a fellow who’s as sensitive and sweet! 
So he’s a bit of a fixer-upper, so he’s got a few flaws. Like his peculiar brain-dear, his thing with the reindeer. That’s a little outside of nature’s laws! So he’s a bit of a fixer-upper, but this we’re certain of you can fix this fixer-upper up with a little bit of love! 
Is it the way that he runs scared, or that he’s socially impaired? Or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods — what?! Are you holding back your fondness due to his unmanly blondness? Or the way he covers up that he’s the honest goods!
He’s just a bit of a fixer-upper, he’s got a couple of bugs. His isolation is confirmation of his desperation for healing hugs. So he’s a bit of a fixer-upper, but we know what to do... The way to fix up this fixer-upper is to fix him up with you! 
So she’s a bit of a fixer-upper, that’s a minor thing. Her cloak engagement is a flex arrangement, and by the way I don’t see no ring! So she’s a bit of a fixer-upper, her brain’s a bit betwixt. Get the fiance out of the way and the whole thing will be fixed 
We’re not saying you can change her, ‘cuz people don’t really change. We’re only saying that love of course is powerful and strange. People make bad choices if they’re mad, or scared, or stressed, Throw a little love their way and you’ll bring out their best. True love brings out their best! 
Everyone’s a bit of a fixer-upper, that’s what it’s all about! Father! Sister! Brother! We need each other to raise us up and round us out. Everyone’s a bit of a fixer-upper, but when push comes to shove. The only fixer-upper fixer that can fix up a fixer-upper is — True, true, true, true, true, true, love. True love, love, love, love, love, true love 